README.md, before:

# python_intro

This is a small project for python learning which is helping the people who wants to learn python without any knowledge of coding.

This project is trying to help you learn the basic concepts of programming and python, which includes 10 sessions. Each session will have a notebook as the content of the knowledge and one or a few code files related to the knowledge.

This project covers following topics:

- Session 1: Introduction to Programming and Python
- Session 2: Variables and Data Types
- Session 3: Strings and User Input
- Session 4: Conditional Statements
- Session 5: Lists and Loops (Part 1)
- Session 6: Lists and Loops (Part 2)
- Session 7: Functions (Part 1)
- Session 8: Functions (Part 2) and Modules
- Session 9: Dictionaries and Sets
- Session 10: Recap and Mini-Project

# Folders

- code
  - The coding files which are related to the knowledge of the sessions
  - Each session will have a separate folder with the session name
- notebooks
  - The content of the knowledge
  - Each session has two files starting with the number of the session (for e.g. 01- means session 1)
    - .ipynb: the jupyter notebook file which is the source of truth of content
    - .html: the slide show html file which is converted from the .ipynb file

Commit message:

session 05 list loops and texture

README.md, after:

# python_intro

This is a small project for python learning which is helping the people who wants to learn python without any knowledge of coding.

This project is trying to help you learn the basic concepts of programming and python, which includes 10 sessions. Each session will have a notebook as the content of the knowledge and one or a few code files related to the knowledge.

This project covers following topics:

- Session 1: Introduction to Programming and Python
- Session 2: Variables and Data Types
- Session 3: Strings and User Input
- Session 4: Conditional Statements
- Session 5: List Loops and Textures
- Session 6: Functions
- Session 7: OOO and Modules
- Session 8: Dictionary Set and performance
- Session 9: Recap and Mini-Project

# Folders

- code
  - The coding files which are related to the knowledge of the sessions
  - Each session will have a separate folder with the session name
- notebooks
  - The content of the knowledge
  - Each session has two files starting with the number of the session (for e.g. 01- means session 1)
    - .ipynb: the jupyter notebook file which is the source of truth of content
    - .html: the slide show html file which is converted from the .ipynb file
